Starting Dialogue: REFLECTION OF HER LIFE

Hello? Hey, I know you’re there, Consciousness. I could really use your help right now… You see, I haven’t been having a good time. I don’t know what to do anymore. Actually, I feel like crying right now. Can you help me out? 

[User input: Yes or No]
(If NO - 10 discourage)
Oh. I see how it is… I guess you’re probably really busy… (even though you’re my own conscience?) -cries-
(If Yes)
Great! I really appreciate your help. Even if other people don’t understand, at least I have you by my side. 

Elementary School:

It all started back in elementary school… 
It’s my first day of fifth grade and I couldn’t be more happier! 
Most of the kids my age have their parents take them to school but my parents are very busy people so I just walk to school. 
It’s not all that bad though! 
I get to see the neighborhood cats! 
Just gotta get ready 
{Little girl getting ready (50 minutes)}
Okay! 
I had a bit of an issue with my bookbag since I poked a hole in it (again)
I had to sew it closed since mommy says bookbags are too expensive.
Always wanted bookbags like my friends had but oh well. 
Time to go to school! 
{Little girl is walking 10 minutes}
You know I named one of the cats Spot?
Wanna know why? 
(If YES)
Because he has a cute white patch on his forehead! 
Robbie says that’s a dog name but I don’t care what he says
(if No)
Oh. 
Well it’s because he has a cute white patch on his forehead! 
Robbie says that’s a dog name but I don’t care what he says
I do what I want! 
{Little girl is walking 10 minutes}
Whew! 
Almost came late to class!
Luckily I ran and the “pits” didn’t stop me.
I’m faster than the speed of light! 

If [I don’t think that’s scientifically possible]
Sure it is! 
Anything is possible if you just believe 
My daddy told me that 
Else [You’re much faster than that]
Of course I am! 
How else do I get to class so early even though I sleep so much?

Oh! 
We’re learning how to program today! 
Robbie! We get to learn how to code today! 
“Yeah, you suuuurrreeee you’re able to handle that?”
What do you mean? If I can handle the free lunch, I can handle ANYTHING 
“I don’t know.”
“You are a girl.”
Oh. 
Are girls not supposed to do things like this?

[Don’t listen to him! Remember, you do what you want! +10]
Yeah.
Yeah you’re right! 
I know exactly what to say to him for saying that! 
Robbie?
“Yeah?”
You’re not only are you a moron. 
Your ideas about me are full of joanie baloney macaroni
“What does that even mean?!”
Your mom (ah, I loved little kid insults)

[I think he’s right -10]
Well… I guess he’s right.
I remember that one time I had to do an essay and the school library’s computer hated me 
Didn’t let me do a single thing! 
So, after that time, I hated the dang thing!
Then again I tell myself that to make me feel better about me napping in front of the computer 

Time to do the programming exercise! Be back in a gif (or is it jif?)
{Little girl is programming 50 minutes}

WHEW! 
I don’t know what just happened.
But the computer spoke to me.
IT. SPOKE. TO. ME.
The teacher says it printed what I typed in the printf function onto the console.
But I know what I saw.
I swear that computers are alive.
Do you believe me?

(If yes)
Of course you do! 
You are technically me! 

(if no)
What kind of conscience are you?
You’re me but you’re not me.
My daddy used to talk about these things. He called it an existential crisis
I don’t know what that means but I feel like i’m going to get those a lot 
Like
A LOT a lot 
Which is…
A lot

“Line up children! It’s time for recess!”
“Robbie! It’s your turn to be the line leader.”
Hey, I just realized something. 
Mr.Hill always chooses boys to be line leaders eevveerrryyy year.
My friends tell me that a a lot.
 
Should I say something?
if(YES + 10)
Teacher! 
Can I be the line leader this time?
“Oh, I didn’t realize that you wanted to be a line leader.”
“Sorry, Robbie, next week you’ll be line leader.”
“Whatever.”
Yippy! 
I’ve never lead anything in my life! 
Be right back!
{Little girl is leading 10 minutes}

if(no, don’t say anything)
If you say so. 
But I do have a question.
Why does it have to be dingledweeb Robbie?
The world may never know! 
{Little girl is being lead 10 minutes}

Ah, it’s my favorite time of day besides lunch time! 
Recess! 
I brought my DS to play with all the guys that usually bring their DS.

[What games do you have?]
Pokemon! 
Everyone has Pokemon!
It’s kinda like a bad thing if you don’t play it.
At least in my eyes.

[Hmm..]

Oh! 
Robbie and his friends are playing Pokemon!
I should probably ask them if I could play too! 
Hey! Can I join you guys?
“Um…”
“You’re a girl...”
And? What’s wrong with being a girl?
“We don’t want to… play with you.”
Why not? Is it because my breathe stinks? Blame it on the mystery meat! Not me! 
“Girls are so dumb when it comes to games.”
What do you mean Robbie?
“My dad says so! Almost all the girls he deals with are so lame! It’s true!”
Oh…

[You don’t need to play with them! Make Ash proud and become the Pokemon master without them! +10]

Yeah… Yeah you’re right! 
I don’t need Robbie to be a master! 
Eat my dust Robbie! I’m going to beat Cynthia all by myself! With or without your Garchomp!

{Little girl is beating Cynthia 20 minutes}

[... -10]

Maybe he’s right… 
I guess I’ll go play by myself

{Little girl is playing by herself 20 minutes}









